docs: update page on available models (#725)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/walkthrough/choose-backbone.md

# Backbone Model

Finetuner provides several widely used backbone models,
including `resnet`, `efficientnet`, `clip`, `bert` and `pointnet`.

> Each of these models have their own variants and are designed to produce embeddings for a specific modality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each model has its own variants and is designed to produce embeddings for a specific modality.
```

# Backbone Model

Finetuner provides several widely used backbone models,
including `resnet`, `efficientnet`, `clip`, `bert` and `pointnet`.

> Each model has its own variants and are designed to produce embeddings for a specific modality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each model has its own variants and is designed to produce embeddings for a specific modality.
```

Finetuner will convert these backbone models to embedding models by removing
the *head* or applying *pooling*,
performing fine-tuning and producing the final embedding model.
The embedding model can be fine-tuned for text-to-text, image-to-image, text-to-image or mesh-to-mesh
search tasks.

## Text-to-Text Models

We support two different variations of the `bert` model for text-to-text encoding tasks.
- `bert-base-en` is a raw pre-trained model, and should be used if you want to train something from 
  scratch or train a model on a task where a notion of similarity you want to finetune on is very different
  from what's usually considered as similar.
- `sbert-base-en` has been fine-tuned once by [sentence-transformers](https://www.sbert.net/) on the 
  [MS MARCO](https://microsoft.github.io/msmarco/) dataset on top of BERT.
  It is designed for matching web search queries to short text passages and 
  is a suitable backbone for traditional text-to-text search tasks.

> These transformer-based models are loaded from the huggingface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These transformer-based models are loaded using the huggingface
```

│ sbert-base-en │ text-to-text │        768 │  transformer │                  Pretrained BERT, fine-tuned on MS Marco │
└───────────────┴──────────────┴────────────┴──────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

> To get a list of supported models during run-time, you can call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a list of supported models at run-time, you can call:
```

│ sbert-base-en │ text-to-text │        768 │  transformer │                  Pretrained BERT, fine-tuned on MS Marco │
└───────────────┴──────────────┴────────────┴──────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

To get a list of supported models at run-time, you can call:

```python
import finetuner

finetuner.describe_models(task='text-to-text')
```

## Image-to-Image Models

For image-to-image tasks, we support two different types of models, `efficientnet` and `resnet`,
both of which having `base` and `large` variations.
- ResNets are suitable for image-to-image search tasks with high performance requirements, where resnet152 is bigger and

>   requires higher computational resources than resnet50.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  requires higher computational resources than resnet50 (base variant).
```

│        resnet-base │ image-to-image │       2048 │          cnn │        ResNet50 pre-trained on ImageNet │
└────────────────────┴────────────────┴────────────┴──────────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

> To get a list of supported models during run-time, you can call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a list of supported models at run-time, you can call:
```

```python
import finetuner

finetuner.describe_models(task='image-to-image')
```

## Text-to-Image Models

> CLIP models are used to text-to-image search tasks, and we support two different types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLIP models are used for text-to-image search tasks. We support two different types of CLIP models:
```

> - `clip-base-en` and `clip-large-en` are both CLIP models trained only on English text,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- English only models `clip-base-en` and `clip-large-en`,
```

  with `clip-large-en` requiring more computational resources than `clip-base-en`.

> - `clip-base-multi` is a multilingual model that has been trained on the [laion5b](https://laion.ai/blog/laion-5b/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A multilingual model `clip-base-multi`, trained on the [laion5b](https://laion.ai/blog/laion-5b/)
```

  dataset, which contains training from 100+ different langauges. 
  You should use this model when encoding non-English text.

> Similarly to the models used for text-to-text tasks, these models are transformer-based, and are loaded from the huggingface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the models used for text-to-text tasks, these models are transformer-based, and are loaded from the huggingface
```

│        resnet-base │ image-to-image │       2048 │          cnn │        ResNet50 pre-trained on ImageNet │
└────────────────────┴────────────────┴────────────┴──────────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

To get a list of supported models at run-time, you can call:

```python
import finetuner

finetuner.describe_models(task='image-to-image')
```

## Text-to-Image Models

CLIP models are used for text-to-image search tasks. We support two different types of CLIP models:
- English-only models `clip-base-en` and `clip-large-en`,
  with `clip-large-en` requiring more computational resources than `clip-base-en`.
- A multilingual model `clip-base-multi`, trained on the [laion5b](https://laion.ai/blog/laion-5b/)
  dataset, which contains data from 100+ different langauges. 
  You should use this model when encoding non-English text.

> Like the models used for text-to-text tasks, these models are transformer-based, and are loaded from the huggingface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Like the models used for text-to-text tasks, these models are transformer-based, and are loaded using the huggingface
```

│                 │               │            │              │  "xlm-roberta-base-ViT-B-32::laion5b_s13b_b90k" model │
└─────────────────┴───────────────┴────────────┴──────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

To get a list of supported models during run-time, you can call:

```python
import finetuner

finetuner.describe_models(task='text-to-image')
```

## Mesh-to-Mesh Models

> Currently, we only support one model for mesh-to-mesh search, `pointnet-base`, which we derived from the popular 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we only support one model for mesh-to-mesh search, `pointnet-base`, which we derived from the popular 
```

Author: Did you mean to suggest a change here?

│ pointnet-base │ mesh-to-mesh │        512 │     pointnet │ PointNet++ embedding model for 3D mesh point clouds │
└───────────────┴──────────────┴────────────┴──────────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

To get a list of supported models during run-time, you can call:

```python
import finetuner

finetuner.describe_models(task='mesh-to-mesh')
```

## Model Options

Once you have chosen a model you can provide a dictionary of options to adjust the behaviour of the model to the
`model_options` parameter of the {meth}`finetuner.fit` function.
You can see a list of additional options that you can provide for each model using the
{meth}`finetuner.list_model_options` function:

![get_model_options](../imgs/get_model_options.png)

> While each model has their own set of options, the `sbert_base_en` model, as shown in the example above, has the four most common options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While each model has their own set of options, the `sbert-base-en` model, as shown in the example above, has the four most common options.
```
